SCI Service Mapping split by language (#38057)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/source_code/service-mapping/other.md

---
title: Embed Git Information in Your Build Artifacts
---

## Overview

> If the language your service is written in is not listed in the [Embed Git information in your build artifacts](/source_code/service-mapping/#embed-git-information-in-your-build-artifacts) section, use this page to manually tag your telemetry with Git information by setting environment variables.

Reviewer: The anchor text feels a bit forced here, even if it's accurately reproducing the target section title. Maybe it's that the section title doesn't really mean much in this context. Maybe something like:
```suggestion
If the language your service is written in is not [supported natively](/source_code/service-mapping/#embed-git-information-in-your-build-artifacts), use this page to manually tag your telemetry with Git information by setting environment variables.
```
Oh, and this link should be a ref-style link, because it's pointing to another page. In-line links are only for heading anchors on the same page.
